you got an old-school car and you gotta
always go take dang it's only right to
have tapes this car is a 1996 v12 600
Mercedes and today it finally reached
30,000 miles
I started in 1996 so that's why this car
is so special to me it's late right now
see for forty five so almost five in the
morning
if you don't got it go get you
a morning team
phone coloring you know Mayweather never
sleeps it's all about bringing offense
into my world today we went to the link
the big fares well if you're not in the
position you will never know you know
some days you want to go out and not
sign autographs
but you want to go out and not take
pictures it hurts my feelings sometimes
but you know I have to say no sometimes
I don't say no to my face because I
don't want to sign formal why I don't
want to take a picture I'm saying no
because I just I feel like it's okay for
me to take time off for myself before my
daughter I want to give her my undivided
attention training camp has went good
actually journey came I feel good I'm
happy
and I'm pretty sure my father is happy
very do everything is going great got
along their headache I'm boxing